Today we would like to concentrate on the improvements related to the performance statistics which we have done so far
to increase the calculations accuracy and user experience.
User Story 20320: Ad Results: Change the Avg Per Week to Avg Per Day - on the AdCorner AdResults page we change the Avg
per week parameter to Avg per day one to give user an understanding of spent money distribution within the days. BE and FB were involved in that improvement

User Story 19800: Filters set: Change the logic of To Date filter - the next improvement is related to the filters at the top of the page.
By default the start day of the filters was 1st January 2018, what affects the parameters and charts representation.
Presently the start date for the filters is dynamically changeable for the organization because organization_created_at
date we take as a start date for the filter.

User Story 19326: Template Details: Add the filter by campaign status at the top of the page     ([IG Video Ad] Video Campaign)
The Template entity is played significant role on the AdCorner platform. Based on the template could be run numerous
campaigns on different locations with different budged and duration therefore we found It useful to add the filter by
campaign status to give business ability to see and compare performance stats particularly for the appropriate campaign type
By default selected Active and completed campaigns

User Story 20993: Ad Results: Replace Reach parameter with the Impression for the FB and IG for the Age, Gender, Device and Location charts
During the AdCorner stabilization we found out that accumulated charts such  as Device, Age, Gender, and Map were mixing
up two different by meaning parameters. While Facebook and Instagram channels used the reach parameter as target for charts-data representation,
G-Ads represented the impressions because Reach parameter isn't used for the Google Ads.
Because of impressions are common for all platforms and logically represent the same we refactor code to retrieve the impressions for IG and FB.
The functions, queries, BE and FE were updated in the scope of current improvement.

The next set of improvements were done for the device box.
User Story 18111: Switch the Mobile Infographic on the reporting to Phone and Tablet

We switched the Mobile infographic on the reporting to phone and tablet. Facebook graph API mix them into the one object
called mobile so what we needed to do is to parse It, is to retrieve the data related with Android tablets and ipad,
request icon from the designer side as the result  we are able to see more accurate and informative representation of
impressions destribution within device type and devise OS

User Story 20994: Ad Results: Retrieve device data from the Google Ads side and represent them on the AdCorner Portal
Code didn't support the retrieving information about devices from the G-ads, we added possibility to retrieve device data from G-Ads on daily basis for the campaigns

We have been done a lot of improvements and bug fixes since the last demo, I concentrated on the most valuable one.
To keep track on the bug distribution by Priority and product functionality we use Azure DevOps dashboard charts of which based on the predetermined queries of AdCorner project